Add timeframe warning to readme (#1622)
meilisearch/documentation: README.markdown

## Contributing

Hey, thank you so much for wanting to contribute! If you'd like to help improve this documentation, we'd love to have you!

> Before opening a PR, please look through our [open issues](https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation/issues) to see if one already exists for the problem you'd like to solve. If yes, please leave a comment letting us know you're interested. If no, please open a new issue describing the problem and telling us you want to work on it.

Author: ```suggestion
Before opening an issue or PR, please look through our [open issues](https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation/issues) to see if one already exists for your problem. If yes, please leave a comment letting us know that you're waiting for a fix or willing to work on it yourself. If not, please open a new issue describing the problem and informing us whether you want to work on it or not.
```

> To contribute, clone this repository, commit your changes and open a pull request. [Read more about working on the docs site locally.](#local-development)

Author: ```suggestion
To contribute, clone this repository, commit your changes and open a pull request. [Read more about working on this site locally.](#local-development)
```
